This is the attitude of your Shangguan Group towards customers.
Customer, which onion are you?
Dressed like a beggar
I've seen a lot of people like you
Get out
Or I'll ask the security to ask you out
I'm here to talk about collaboration
If you don't believe it
You can contact President Shangguan's secretary.
He must know
You can't hear me, can you?
Get lost, security
Security, what's wrong?
What do you eat
Let everyone in
Throw him out!
If you dare to drive me away, I promise it will be fine
Yes, I will regret it.
I regret saying so much to a piece of trash like you
Good night throw it out
Don't dirty the floor of Shangguan Group
Sir please come out with us
Maybe go home.
Secretary, you are just in time
This person impersonates a customer and says he wants to see the president
I was about to ask the security guard to throw him out
Talking about cooperative business
You are the representative of Dynasty Group
Dynasty Group
Never heard of it
Good night throw that saliva out
You shut up